How are GoogleNet and AlexNet?
-------------------------------

Although GoogleNet and AlexNet both use a CNN as their backbone, they are different in many ways.
One of the main differences is the number of layers in each network.
GoogleNet has 22 layers, whereas AlexNet has only 8.

In addition to the number of layers, the arrangements of the CNN in each network also differ.
For example, GoogleNet uses a 1x1 convolutional layer, while AlexNet does not.
Furthermore, GoogleNet utilizes a multi-branch architecture with multiple Inception modules, while AlexNet has a simpler architecture with fewer layers.

These differences in architecture result in different levels of performance and efficiency for each network.
For instance, GoogleNet has been shown to perform better on some datasets with higher accuracy, while AlexNet is faster and requires less memory.

To summarize, both GoogleNet and AlexNet use CNNs to process images, but their architectures are different in terms of the number of layers, arrangements, and additional layers and settings.
These differences lead to varying levels of performance and efficiency for each network.


+--------------+--------------+-------------+
| Architecture | GoogleNet    | AlexNet     |
+==============+==============+=============+
| Number of    | 22           | 8           |
| Layers       |              |             |
+--------------+--------------+-------------+
| Convolution  | Includes 1x1 | Does not    |
| Layers       | convolution  | include     |
+--------------+--------------+-------------+
| Multi-branch | Yes, uses    | No, simpler |
| Architecture | multiple     |             |
|              | Inception    |             |
|              | modules      |             |
+--------------+--------------+-------------+
| Input size   | Accepts      | Requires a  |
|              | arbitrary    | fixed input |
|              | input sizes  | size of 224 |
+--------------+--------------+-------------+
| Performance  | Higher       | Lower       |
|              | accuracy,    | accuracy,   |
|              | but slower   | but faster  |
|              | and requires | and requires|
|              | more memory  | less memory |
+--------------+--------------+-------------+